Yeah, what were you talking about? Oh yeah, you started going to that church in Costa Mesa.
Okay.
So you went already to Japan one time for a summer mission?
Oh, to get to know their ministry and how things are going to be.
Okay.
Get on a podcast or something and just listen to the same thing again and again and again and again.
That's how kids learn. Like get a little like
I am... I've been trying to learn Swiss German.
I've always wanted to learn it because my mom spoke Swiss German.
when I was little, but then my parents realized.
They didn't know anyone who was teaching their kids two languages.
and they remembered how hard it was for them to learn English, so they decided not to teach us German.
But then when we got older about
8 to 9 years old. They found a new  family came to our church and their kids were bilingual and they went to German school
on saturdays. My parents made me and my siblings go to German school.
For three years. At first we really wanted to go, but then after a while we wanted to quit.
We had school every day. We had school Monday to Friday, and Saturday morning we had school.
we watch cartoons on Saturday morning at church.
We have church Sunday night and we have church Wednesday night.
There was no break, but it was good. I was really glad, and my parents said, oh, you'll thank us someday.
and I was like, no I won't, but actually now I'm really glad that I did coz
And I did take one German course.
in college and then I spent some time in Germany and Switzerland, and I couldn't pick it up.
so fast now I'm trying to learn Swiss German and I have this podcast the same one I listen to the same one again and again
It's just like a 10-minute one where
they go and they ask people what did you eat for breakfast and they ask something answer this?
And then they put how they write it out on the parchment.
Because if I want, I can look into what it means in German, what it means in
English and what it means in Europe. I actually listen
It's just whenever I went in the park or I just listened to this podcast.
I could understand so much of this German. I was surprised.
I was in Switzerland again this last year.
And um... I stayed with some of my cousins. I did a lot of stuff there with my husband and stuff.
And I was finding I really understanding a lot of things. It was quite different.
from German because like a lot of the words are the same but they pronounce them differently but I like that but...
You do for Japanese before I went to Japan the first time, I had a...
a cassette tape and there was about a 20 minute or 30 minute section where
Or they just went through all the things like like, for example, Oh... whatever.
a station eki eki doko desu ka
um... church kyokai doko de dinko doko de
He learned some sentence patterns, like how to say where is something.
And then, which direction, you know, ite, masugu, or...
What's right, what's left? Counting, how to ask for something crossed.
Oh, it'll be so cute. But you listen to the same ones again and again and again and again.
And pretty soon, it just becomes so natural. And then you get a new one.
I listen to that one again and again because I noticed when my kids were little I used to play like um...
Donut mandolin So what I'm just trying to did
There'd be kids singing and there'd be talking.
And they literally couldn't even hardly talk to themselves and they have all the words memorized.
And he knew what everything meant. And I think it really helped their relevance.
To watch the same ones again and again. Plus they were learning songs about God and things like that, right?
and some of the songs are ones that we sing in church. But I just thought...
I know I know that I could really, even at my age.
I know that I could be considered in a language if I would be...
um... merge. We adopted two girls from Ukraine.
Within three months and I was on all these different groups and no matter how smart
kids were however not very bright or even if they weren't good students in three months these kids
They were, they could, well, enough to be able to make themselves under
and actually even the grammar is starting to be normalized after a few months.
Just listen to it in your car again. Same stuff again and again and again.
And also Duolingo is actually really good.
I love Duolingo. It's really helped fill in some of my Japanese gaps.
Also I took um... a PCC, I took Japanese 1.
There's a really excellent teacher. She's not teaching next semester.
Um... but Hannah took Japanese 1, 2, and 3 with her.